uairidh Battleday
unread,
Jul 12, 2024, 11:31:35 PM (18 hours ago) 
to Machine Learning News
Research Summit on Fundamental Challenges for AI. Sainsbury-Wellcome Centre, London, July 30th.


We are most excited to announce the AE Summer Summit on Fundamental Challenges for AI. Sainsbury-Wellcome Centre, London, July 30th.



This is a day of keynote talks and panels by leading AI researchers on what the open problems for ML/AI development are, and promising scientific and engineering strategies for solving them. We would love to see members of this community there, and so have issued a discount code for 20% reduction in prices: ML_NEWS.



Keynotes

Professor Karl Friston (UCL / Verses.ai)

Dr Mounia Lalmas (Spotify)

Danny Gray (Just Ask A Question)



Panels

Fundamental AI research challenges (Google DeepMind, Microsoft Research, Meta, Oxford, Stanford);

New types of AI research institutions (London Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Advanced Research and Invention Agency, the Tony Blair Institute, Air Street Capital);

Challenges for AI in Biomedicine (Isomorphic Labs, KCL, Harvard, Lab Genius, AstraZeneca).





We invite speakers and representatives from Academia, Tech, FROs / nonprofits, Start-up, and VCs / Funders. By soliciting answers and discussions from scientists and leaders at these different groups we hope to also examine what their different roles will be in the next period of AI research, and to foster the sharing of research.



Full details can be found at www.algopreneurship.org.



This should be an exciting and productive day, and we have made lower-priced tickets  available for students and early-stage researchers. Lunch and a reception will be provided.



We look forward to seeing some of you there, and please feel free to share news about the event on social media.



The Thinking About Thinking Team



Twitter / X:

https://x.com/RMBattleday/status/1810191367647244402



LinkedIn:

https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ruairidh-battleday-648a2b65_for-ai-researchers-and-entrepreneurs-in-uk-activity-7215958565457461248-FB7W?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop





--
Dr Ruairidh McLennan Battleday BMBCh (Oxon) PhD

President
Thinking About Thinking (www.thinkingaboutthinking.org)

Postdoctoral Research Fellow
Center for Brain Science,
Harvard University

Center for Brains, Minds, and Machines,
MIT
